Fix self signed TLS setup docs (#736)
loft-sh/vcluster-docs: platform/configure/domain.mdx

> Create a new Certificate Authority:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new certificate authority:
```

  tls:
    enabled: true
    secret: tls-vcluster-platform # Make sure this matches the name of your cert from the previous step

tls:

>   enabled: true # vClusters running on the same host as vCluster Platform will use platform service directly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  enabled: true # Virtual clusters running on the same host as the platform directly use the platform service.
```

>   secret: tls-vcluster-platform # Make sure this matches the name of your cert from the previous step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  secret: tls-vcluster-platform # Ensure this matches the name of your cert from the previous step
```
